Security update (#168)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/overview.md

Distributed denial-of-service (DDOS) attack protection, rate limiting, and throttling are provided at a global level by graph.adobe.io. For more individualized protection, we recommend adding a Content Delivery Network (CDN), such as Fastly, through [edge caching](cache-control-headers.md).

> Rate limiting mitigates DDoS threats by preventing any given traffic source from sending too many requests. API Mesh controls the incoming traffic to graph.adobe.io by limiting the number of requests that the API can receive within a given time span. When the limit is reached before the time expires, the policy rejects all requests, which avoids any additional load on the API Mesh service and the backend source APIs within your mesh configurations. This is a global policy, covering the entire service, and is based upon your individual API key. In the event you are rate limited, your API will receive a `HTTP 429 Too Many Requests` response status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate limiting mitigates DDoS threats by preventing any given traffic source from sending too many requests. API Mesh controls the incoming traffic to `graph.adobe.io` by limiting the number of requests that the API can receive within a given time span. When the limit is reached before the time expires, the policy rejects all requests, which avoids any additional load on the API Mesh service and the backend source APIs within your mesh configurations. This is a global policy, covering the entire service, and is based upon your individual API key. In the event you are rate limited, your API will receive a `HTTP 429 Too Many Requests` response status code.
```

> If you encounter repeated `HTTP 429 Too Many Requests` or for any other security issues, contact API Mesh support through Zendesk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter repeated `429` response codes or for any other security issues, contact API Mesh support through Zendesk.
```
